2wp-app simplify the documentation (#929)
rsksmart/devportal: content/rsk-devportal/guides/two-way-peg-app/pegout/liquality.md

​
![Rbtc amount to send input](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/amount-input.png)
​
**Step 4: Verify your Bitcoin destination address**

We don't support the Bitcoin destination address' derivation from Liquality yet, so you have to follow the documentation linked here:
​
![Can't derive destination address using liquality](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/cant-derive-liquality.png)
​
**Step 5: Send transaction**

Review the information, and click 'Send' in 2-way peg app and then click 'Confirm' in Liquality.
​
![Send pegout transaction](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/send-liquality.png)
![Confirm pegout transaction on liquality wallet](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/confirm-liquality.png)

​
The final screen will be like the one below.
![Btc is on its way](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/final-screen-liquality.png)

​
To see the status of a transaction, click on the *Go to status page* button, you will see a page  as shown below, with your pegout tx and your Bitcoin recipient address information as well.
​
![Transaction status for pegout id](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/tx-status.png)

> This address should match the one you can access through Electrum. See [How to view a derived address](/guides/two-way-peg-app/advanced-operations#how-to-view-a-derived-address) and [How to check a transaction status](/guides/two-way-peg-app/getting-started#using-the-transaction-status-page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This address should match the one you can access through Electrum. See [How to view a derived address](/guides/two-way-peg-app/pegout/deriving-electrum/#how-to-view-a-derived-address) and [How to check a transaction status](/guides/two-way-peg-app/pegout/status).
```
